README.md, before:

# DeviantCoding.

DeviantCoding aims to group a set of opinionated components sharing a common code style and build tools.

## Registerly
<a href="https://github.com/manuel-fernandez-rodriguez/DeviantCoding/actions/workflows/registerly-build.yml"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/manuel-fernandez-rodriguez/DeviantCoding/registerly-build.yml"></a>&nbsp;<a href="https://github.com/manuel-fernandez-rodriguez/DeviantCoding/actions/workflows/registerly-publish.yml"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/manuel-fernandez-rodriguez/DeviantCoding/registerly-publish.yml?label=release"></a>
<br/>

<a href="https://github.com/manuel-fernandez-rodriguez/DeviantCoding/releases"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/manuel-fernandez-rodriguez/DeviantCoding?filter=Registerly*&label=published%20release"></a>&nbsp;<a href="https://nuget.org/packages/DeviantCoding.Registerly/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/DeviantCoding.Registerly?label=nuget%20stable"></a>&nbsp;<a href="https://int.nugettest.org/packages/DeviantCoding.Registerly/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/nuget/vpre/DeviantCoding.Registerly?label=nuget%20latest"></a>
<br/>

<a href="https://github.com/manuel-fernandez-rodriguez/DeviantCoding/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+-label%3Abug"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-search/manuel-fernandez-rodriguez/DeviantCoding?query=-label%3Abug%20is%3Aissue%20is%3Aopen&label=Open%20Issues"></a>&nbsp;<a href="https://github.com/manuel-fernandez-rodriguez/DeviantCoding/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Abug"><img alt="GitHub issue custom search in repo" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-search/manuel-fernandez-rodriguez/DeviantCoding?query=label%3Abug%20is%3Aopen&label=Open%20bugs&color=FF0000"></a>



This is the first and, for now, only component using the framework. 

It started as an improvement on [Scrutor](https://github.com/khellang/Scrutor)'s handling of attributes for self-registration and 
depended on Scrutor itself, but has evolved into a complete replacement for most scenarios.

You can read the [Registerly documentation here](https://manuel-fernandez-rodriguez.github.io/DeviantCoding/docs/registerly/introduction.html) and give it a try.

## Contributing
Contributions are welcomed, even if they're only in the form of a well documented feature request, they help immensely to
make any component better.

Please, see the [guidelines on contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md)

Commit message:

Cosmetic changes in Readme badges (#49)
* Change html for markdown badges

* Misc cosmetic changes in readme

* Change deploy workflow display name!

README.md, after:

# DeviantCoding.

DeviantCoding aims to group a set of opinionated components sharing a common code style and build tools.

## Registerly
[![Build](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/manuel-fernandez-rodriguez/DeviantCoding/registerly-build.yml?logo=github&label=Build)](https://github.com/manuel-fernandez-rodriguez/DeviantCoding/actions/workflows/registerly-build.yml)
[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/manuel-fernandez-rodriguez/DeviantCoding/registerly-publish.yml?logo=github&label=Release)](https://github.com/manuel-fernandez-rodriguez/DeviantCoding/actions/workflows/registerly-publish.yml)
[![Deploy](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/manuel-fernandez-rodriguez/DeviantCoding/registerly-deploy.yml?logo=github&label=Deploy)](https://github.com/manuel-fernandez-rodriguez/DeviantCoding/actions/workflows/registerly-deploy.yml)

[![Published Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/manuel-fernandez-rodriguez/DeviantCoding?logo=github&filter=Registerly*&label=Published%20Release)](https://github.com/manuel-fernandez-rodriguez/DeviantCoding/releases)
[![NuGet Version](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/DeviantCoding.Registerly?logo=nuget)](https://nuget.org/packages/DeviantCoding.Registerly/)

[![Open Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-search/manuel-fernandez-rodriguez/DeviantCoding?query=is%3Aissue%20is%3Aopen%20-label%3Abug&label=Open%20Issues)](https://github.com/manuel-fernandez-rodriguez/DeviantCoding/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+-label%3Abug)
[![Open Bugs](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-search/manuel-fernandez-rodriguez/DeviantCoding?query=is%3Aissue%20is%3Aopen%20label%3Abug&label=Open%20Bugs&color=rgb(215%2C%2058%2C%2074))](https://github.com/manuel-fernandez-rodriguez/DeviantCoding/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Abug)



This is the first and, for now, only component in the set. 

It started as an improvement on [Scrutor](https://github.com/khellang/Scrutor)'s handling of attributes for self-registration and 
depended on Scrutor itself, but has evolved into a complete replacement for most scenarios.

You can read the [Registerly documentation here](https://manuel-fernandez-rodriguez.github.io/DeviantCoding/docs/registerly/introduction.html) and give it a try.

## Contributing
Contributions are welcomed, even if they're only in the form of a well documented feature request, they help immensely to
make any component better.

Please, see the [guidelines on contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md)
